So, in this video,
we're going to cover steps four and five
of enhancing our menu components to read data from a service
and also updating our service to call the URL
on the Spring Boot app.
So, in our component we had this error
that I mentioned in a previous video,
and so, we'll actually fix this error now.
And the reason we had this error
is because the method didn't exist
in the actual product service.
So, we'll simply have the IDE
create or declare that method for us.
Alright, so if we swing over to our product service,
then, the IDE generated or declared that method for us.
So, we should see it right here at the top.
So, let me grab this little placeholder
getProductiveCategories and do a quick little cut paste,
like to move our methods down to the bottom of the class.
So, I'll just drop it in right here.
And I'll also do some quick refactoring
on our interface here.
So, for our interface instead of GetResponse,
I want to call it GetResponseProduct,
just to give it a unique name,
because we're actually going to have
something very similar here for productCategories.
Let's copy this interface, GetResponseProducts,
and then we'll paste it and we'll give our copy of new name.
So, we'll call this GetResponseProductCategory.
So, instead of products, it'll be ProductCategory,
and then, we'll have an array of productCategory.
Alrighty, so this coding here looks pretty good
and we'll use this GetResponseProductCategory
for calling that REST API.
So, let's move up to our getPoductCategories method.
We'll set it up that it returns observable,
of ProductCategory array
because we're returning a list of product categories.
And I'll just do a little copy paste from above,
paste it down here, and instead of GetResponseProducts,
we're going to GetResponseProductCategory.
And so, instead of dot embedded products,
it'll be dot embeddedproductCategory.
And then, instead of searchUrl here,
I'm going to make use of my category URL.
So, I'll put some dot, dot, dots here for right now
and I'll move up top and I'll actually define that URL.
So, I'll say categoryUrl equals,
and it's very similar to this
but instead of products, it's product dash category.
So, that's the REST API that we used in a previous video
for looking at our data.
So, I'll just simply do a copy paste in that URL
and put it here.
And oh, yes.
I need to say this dot categoryURL,
since it's a property of this class.
Alrighty, so this looks pretty good here
for our get product categories method,
so, we're in good shape here.
So again, we simply call the REST API,
it returns an observable,
we map that JSON data from the spring data REST
to ProductCategory array.
And then, moving down to the bottom,
we make use of that interface to unwrap the JSON
from the spring data REST,
using an underscore embedded entry.
It's a similar pattern to what we did earlier.
Alrighty, and so that takes care of our errors
in our product category media component.
So, now when we call this product service,
we have a method getProductCategory,
so, the issue is resolved.
So, we're in really good shape right now.